hello there and welcome to topid casts
we are back witnessing that Infamous
matchup that I personally love and that
I hope you do as well Plum loer as the
lictor alpha tyranids zenos Supreme
zenos of the greatest quantities and is
going to be facing the Avers Assassin of
Avers assassin
2456 AKA Sergeant Smith one IST coming
out at the start along with a strike
Squad pretty typical against the
tyranids I don't really like going
double IST when I fight tyranids the IST
just really aren't that good in this
matchup they kind of fail against turant
one-on-one they just don't output enough
DPS really and homun are too quick even
though it's nice to have multiple units
to DPS the homers from
afar honestly you're not that bothered
about hommers as long as the hommers
aren't blob together two at a time you
can dispatch them easily with your
strike Squad so that's the tactic from
Plum Loco he should be blobbing his two
harmers together had he had two harmers
in this situation when the IST and the
strikes came in it would have been a
very good fight for him now this is a
bit dubious here yeah that's quite
unfortunate really could have done with
having the hormas already in melee with
the strikes when he pulled one of the
models with flesh hook that would have
given him a lot more free damage and
Plum loo is really messing up this
initial engagement he's fighting peac
meal his units are going one by one into
gry Knights which is not a very good
idea the special attacks from the hirs
will Slaughter the hogon so they'll do a
lot of damage so what you meant to do
you meant to have you meant to basically
gang up on the strike Squad these guys
are really expensive and they're not
that fast you've got the speed advantage
of the
tyranids and you can see here he's going
to disengage he's going to try and farm
a bit of free XP here on the Avers
assassin there goes a special but mostly
misses and really he should have
retreated this strike Squad earlier he
got quite lucky there to Sergeant Smith
that he proed a special right at the
start of that and it knocked over a lot
of these hormas but even with that
fortune he managed to lose one of his
Grey Knight strike Squad models so
that's a lot of bleed more bleed than
the homot have incurred yet and really
the Avers assassin is pushing his luck
as well oh he's in this he's got this
cover here protecting him so not that
many models of hormas can fight him but
the lior is outputting a lot of DPS so
that was nice for the Aversa you got a
really nice special attack there wow
killed a load of models off those
harmers none off this one and this is
the problem though you can see the IST
DPS just isn't quite enough to be able
to disuade these hommers who are a lot
faster and they're just going to chase
you
down and then the other issue is they
get the warrior brood out now these hmas
are even
tankier but these guys are a pain in the
ass they're still faster than your basic
units at 5.5 speed but
they're heavy infantry so they're really
resilient to the last guns of the
IST now the IST in tier 2 can get the
plasma guns but honestly against
tyranids it's all about surviving the
tier one pressure when you get you
justic car with power melee when you get
purifiers with power melee you have a
lot less to fear from the tyranid melee
blob oh this is rough pulls them right
in there to the triple Warrior brood War
brood not doing a lot of damage but they
do do power melee damage and what's this
A chem nade
suppression and a big debuff to lower
the melee output of affected entities
but a beautiful special attack there
from the lior and the lior's got the
feeder tendril so you really do not want
to be fighting him in melee pation kind
of isolated they're trying to shut down
the Lor right now you can see a good
amount of damage output coming from them
they rotate to handle the flanking hmas
but it is a little bit too late for them
obviously nothing here really to deal
with just a Sher quantity of melee melee
units on the field here by Plum Loco
Plum Loco going to really emphasize
those melee units he's going to get
another Squad of warry bro I have to be
honest I don't really understand the
point of the single
termers what Niche do they fulfill in
these compositions other than making it
harder to have two hormas together at
any given time see the problem is that a
strike Squad will be able to take on one
hmer and one termer together and the
hmas will count to the
IST teras aren't particularly good
against purgation and with only one
turun you don't exactly have a good
amount of DPS to focus fire the adversor
Assassin either had he gone into
Warriors and then raveners and you then
have two range units with the termers
and the ravs then you have sufficient
ability to focus fire and kite the Avers
assassin uh but he's not doing that okay
he's gone for the bab Strangler fair
enough B Strangler is actually very good
against om who don't go for the
interceptors and interceptors if
Sergeant Smith wants right now it's
going to be very difficult for him it's
going to take a very long time due to
him repurchasing his Aversa assassin
whom he has committed quite a lot of War
gear 2 he's trying to focus down the
lior alpha there but again just
flanked by more melee it's quite a tough
match up this because of the fact that
you don't have any reliable detector for
the lior alpha so you seen how the lior
alpha just came in there and absolutely
ambushed the um
the purgation squad which kind of shut
it down quite
badly you have to get operatives to
detect but then if you get operatives
you don't have a very good counter to
the B Strangler Warrior brood which does
this and shuts down your ranged and you
want your ranged because you don't
really want to fight all these nids in
melee yeah this is pretty
rough like I said before it's all about
withstanding the early game in this
matchup
and you can see the pressure is on for
reversa assassin right now massive VP
and map control dominance here from Plum
Loco teras finished their capping D is
going to flank down focusing on the
pergs they're very low on HP they need
to be
careful don't know what the IST were
doing so far forward well I guess they
were doing their bit to try and tie up
the B Strangler Warrior brood but it's
not a good fight for them
yeah and that's a full Retreat pretty
much for the tyranids but a lot of
damage done there to the economy of
Sergeant Smith down to one
gen I mean if he can hold on somehow he
gets to tier two he gets some side
cannons up he gets his justic car on the
strike Squad purchases some purifiers
then he can grab the neuro Gauntlet a
lot of power melee DPS to rip through
these synapse models then he does have a
chance you know power melee on the EA
you got power melee on the JY car for
the strike Squad and then all the
purifiers with their swords do power
melee and then the S Cannon doesn't get
its damage reduced like a normal pacing
weapon against the Warriors so we'll be
pretty good at popping them nice single
Target damage to all unit
types but can he survive he's honestly
running out of VPS incredibly quickly
the other asset you've got obviously is
om in tier two against nids is the Razer
back Razer backs are something that
tyranides really struggle to deal with
they just they're so fast the tyranid AV
Venom Broods can't really keep up if
you're a good player and micro correctly
obviously there's utility here on the
warrior brood that can potentially get
the forx
Swarm which you can use for the electro
shot grub to shut down the razor back if
it gets a little bit too close but again
you know these guys are nowhere near as
fast as a Razer back so don't let them
get as close you razor back and then it
shouldn't be a problem quite Brave here
to go into this fight obviously these
horants have their damage debuffed you
can tell by the red debuff circles
they're not really doing any damage at
all are they 50% damage reduction from
that chem nade but I tell you who is
doing damage theor Alpha buffed by stalk
right there trying to save the models of
the strike Squad I'm surprised there
wasn't a flesh hook looked like that
probably would have killed a strike
Squad model which would have been worth
it but going to
disengage good for sergeant Smith that
he managed to
not loser strike Squad model there
pation model is not quite as expensive
poor IST really can't do anything here
not able to detect the lior the greights
are going to come out again and he's
just going to back off Venom Roode is an
odd Choice as a first P just from Plum
Loco I would have gone for a tyrant
guard or some Jean
Steelers but honestly death spit of
Venom could be pretty good right now you
know he's got the termers he got the
toxin sacks he's trying to control the
EA with it but a bit difficult when
you've only got one range Squad they're
just going to tie them up in melee
right nice use of some adrenal gland
Warrior brood here so these guys are
even more tanky now and really quite a
lot tankier as well this is where you
need your power melee weapons to punch
through them but
EMP but there we
go yeah there's no upgrade for these
Venom brood no death spits so I don't
know Plum Loco must have got his macro a
bit confused he must think that Sergeant
Smith is further ahead in Tech than he
is he must think that Sergeant Smith is
due to get a Razer back but he's clearly
not I mean we can see that obviously the
fog of war is a real thing when you're
in
game these are turers not homers so
they're not really that threatening to
the strike Squad and I don't know why
they got so close yeah decent fight
there I mean he did lose a strike Squad
model but he's getting a bit of XP on
these guys helps some scale his EA has
got pretty good situation going on right
now but this is a problem the hommers
and the Warriors splitting up so the
Chade wouldn't hit both of them and
they're in on the purgation obviously
peration here we're trying to stay on
the field they wanted to get a few of
these gens down it's not really a big
deal the the T 2 power expenditure
tyranids not very high T three
is suppose it would have been a play for
Plum Loco to just get these guys get the
death spitter and then maybe go to A3
and then then he can call in another
Venom brdge using his Global bar whilst
he's taking tier three and as long as he
retains his power the cars train should
be on the way quite quickly now Sergeant
Smith sees the Venom brood and they
haven't got death spitters they've still
got Venom cannons so these are a pure AV
unit uh they can get their range synapse
but they're probably not going to do
that given the fact that there's only
one turant Squad to buff it's probably
not worth it those termers are going to
be side capping most of the time anyway
not with the benon brood so what do you
do with side at Smith you don't buy a
vehicle the enemy's already got an A
unit why' you buy a vehicle that's
stupid instead he buys his purifiers
which is a great choice free Elite melee
units models here all of which do power
melee nice strong special attacks
especially on the JY car here who has
that heavy melee Hammer a nice 360
special attack right
[Music]
there now we do see the ability used
there by the purifiers which will
silence nearby enemies to prevent them
from using abilities but the lior had
actually already used his ability the
toxic cysts but You' seen a nice special
attack there though from the lior it
wasn't even the special attack cuz the
elix is level two so he's 71 melee skill
versus the 70 of the level one purifiers
therefore the level one purifies cannot
special attack the lior so how did he
manage to knock over the lior there well
the Thunder Hammer itself on the jusy
car has a 15% chance with every strike
to knock over the enemy that's what
happened punished that Lor quite
hard now the Tyrant guard will fare
quite well against the purifiers in a
one-on-one fight but generally the
problem with the Tyrant guard is of
course you can't
Retreat so if ever it finds itself
outnumbered the purifiers will very
quickly tear through its HP and even if
it goes into Shield wall the vehicle
armor won't necessarily save it thanks
to the heavy melee on the purifier
Thunder hammer and that's part of why
the purifiers are so good in this
matchup they're kind of good against
literally everything that can be fielded
even if if you go for the typical range
counters in raveners they're only
piercing right so still the heavy
infantry of the purifiers resists it if
you get genan Steelers and you have just
this much melee you can
overwhelm the purifiers just with sheer
numbers but that's why you want to send
the EA nearby to support with things
like chemcloud grenades ah but this is a
good play by Plum he seen that no razor
back is here instead it's purifiers that
is an infantry threat and a heavy
infantry one at that so he picked up
some death spitters on his Venom brood
instead so now he's actually doing nice
amount of Inferno damage at ranged which
will not do reduce damage to heavy
infantry so that's going to be quite
effective now he is in here with bio
meltdown I
assume yeah yeah yeah yeah we got we got
some some bio meltdown action going on
there stacked with the the chem nade a
lot of bleed on both sides really well
how many purifiers we lost yikes all
three purify models but fortunately for
sergeant Smith not the JY car quite
lucky really 7510 to replace them wow
that's so expensive holy [__] and Plum
loos's now got a second Tyrant guard out
I mean if we look at the map it's been
extremely dominant for Plum oh quite
lucky there though well not lucky really
um just poor play from Plum he forgot
about his lior Alpha so the strike Squad
managed to take it out up top so that's
a win you know one less enemy to deal
with let's see what the death spitters
can do think they got quite lucky and
missed their shots there yeah you can
see they they're pretty good there
against the heavy infantry this is level
two strike Squad now with the terms of
Titan upgrade to give them more HP of
course when they get the Justus car the
squad that then Buffs the HP of all the
gr knites as well so these are quite a
tanky little Squad right now obviously
you want some melee around to zone for
your your death
spitters that's the point of these guys
one of the harmers should probably get
on the
Warriors should probably knock over the
strike Squad to disrupt it otherwise the
special attacks could be quite dangerous
on the harmers here we go big chem Cloud
grenade going to debuff those hommers
wow takes out the justic cast straight
away they're just going after the
warrior brood but the strike Squad
aren't really going to do too much is
this another biom meltdown it is isn't
it yeah this is another biom meltdown
homon HP falling rapidly right now and
there's a synaptic backlash as well you
see the purifiers managed to take out
the lior once again even though he was
repurchased
but now of course they're too low can't
deal with the Tyrant guard while by a
meltdown there managing to claim the
life of one of the hmer so here we go
we're seeing units falling for Plum Loco
he's got many units but he's actually
struggling to micro them all at this
point verser assassin has picked up a
Terminator
librarian I think it's time to get the
saadon on your purgation you can then
protect it with melee you using the
sanctuary bubble of your Terminator
librarian the Terminator librarian as
well can buff the melee damage
resistance and melee skill of nearby
Ordo malas by his might of the Titan
upgrade very good for making purifiers
and strike Squad spam specials against
the tyranid
melee we are
losing yeah these single entities going
to be quite awkward right now both of
them do power melee Terminator librarian
not known for the DPS but it's not
insignificant and there's might of the
Titan you can tell because of the purple
circles underneath the OM nearby buffing
them up and these T guys yeah they're in
a bit of trouble oh he he charged them
incorrectly there he should have charged
this one first so it got out of the way
this T guard got blocked by his budy and
it doesn't have a charge right now and
he's getting Torn to Pieces by all this
power melee might have the energy to go
into Shield wall I don't remember how
much energy it cost to go into Shield
wall but even if he does there is heavy
melee on his ass and he is going to
struggle Lor ala though flesh hooking in
the Avers assassin combined with a
tyrant guard is going to kill that EA so
we're trading units here cuz that tant
guard did fall but honestly looking
pretty decent for revers assassin when
you start to normalize the amount of
Unix that you've got on each side when
you're the Grey Knight and they're the
tyranids it's got to be a good thing for
you as the GRE Knights you're not meant
to have as many units as a tyranid
player Plum Loco is going to go T3 the
advantage to Plum of course is he's got
427 VPS to the rather meager looking 100
for reversa
assassin he's got a bit of a tech lead
as well I mean sent Smith here managed
to replace his Jens so he's doing pretty
well on the power Department he's
actually bleeding quite a lot of models
which are costing him requisition he's
going have to be careful here death spit
is there look at the death spits man
tearing through the pation squad there
this guy was very close to
dying couple more seconds and he was
probably dead
yeah it's a nice pickup really against
the OM I think the death spitters I like
them just being able to put some
pressure on from AF far gives you a lot
of tactical versatility that you
otherwise might not
have ah he's CED up menacing vage oh
that's
smart he'll be able to use that to force
the purifiers into Retreat pretty much
instantly in any major engagement which
is huge cuz these guys are by far the
scariest contributor in the army of
Sergeant Smith at the
moment so he's got tier three he's going
to get this ability soon you can see
it's very expensive though 15050 but
yeah to negate an enemy
Squad in an army versus army fight is
huge oh Plum Loco totally forgetting
about his Warriors down the bottom going
to lose them as well too busy looking at
his
lior he macros failing here in the late
game isn't it but only 32 VPS left for
sergeant Smith Plum Lo at this point
probably just wants to save up for a
carif effect
let's have a look at his
income yeah pretty damn good lior again
being an absolute pain in the ass
hunting down the purgation doesn't have
a lot of energy though does he how much
energy is it does it cost for menacing
vage wow totally out of position as well
use the the purged by
yeah use the purge by fire to control
the lior prevent him from being able to
use the menacing vage against the
purifiers and purifiers as sergeant
Smith is pointing out using their
ability to prevent the Tyrant Guard from
using its ability Isn't that cool so it
was unable to charge away or go into
Shield
wall all right here comes the
cans
nope he's going to wait till the Swarm
Lord I mean he's got the time with the
VPS I
guess Rhino finally coming out for
sergeant Smith pretty hilarious that his
opponent is nearly at the point of
getting getting a swarm W and he's only
getting a rhino quite far behind in Tech
but the thing
is he's killed so many of the tyranid
units now that map control is going to
be tricky for tyranids level two ga's
really not going to do anything against
level four strike Squad level three
purifiers they're going to be a
pain even the Terminator librarian
easily able to One V one G so yeah this
is
tough not getting the saan and earlier
on the purgation might actually prove
helpful now for sergeant Smith because
he will be able to get the the
conversion Beamer if you needs it to
deal with the swan mod which he will
Swan mod obviously incredibly powerful
super unit for the
tyranids not only is it vehicle armor it
can heal itself a pretty outrageous
amount with one of its abilities though
it does have a long cool down but it
makes it just even more durable than it
already is 2,000 HP of vehicle arm on a
pretty fast moving unit is scary and all
Tyran is nearby can reinforce off of it
and get a speed boost which combined
with a load of melee is pretty fearsome
but that's why again it's really useful
for Sant Smith that he's already killed
most of the melee and then he grabs elor
Alpha and Retreat as well with the
purifiers brutal Plum Loco lost his lior
Alpha way too many times in this game so
far way too many times it's really cost
him a nice amount of damage there on the
purifiers he's going to suppress his own
purifiers just dodge the Chade but there
you go there's the Swarm
Lord he's trying to cap the
power yeah it's not going to get it he
got to back out of there litor Alpha
repurchased wonder what the next purchas
for Plum's going to be I was going to
need another Venom brood cuz look
there's a grey Knight dreadnut and it's
just picked up its dreadnut claw and it
also has that GLA the force glaive on
the other arm very very powerful Walker
here it is the most powerful te two
Walker it will actually Fair pretty damn
well against the Swarm Lord in 1 V one
but obviously it doesn't quite have the
durability of the Swarm Lord especially
with the the heal that the Swarm L has
check it out we got some melter bombs
here on the EA he's tanking quite well
right now must have Pyon active he's got
hyper metabolism on as well remember
scyon does give him damage
resistance but yeah he needs to be
careful he's near the lior here who has
the flesh hook so he needs to retreat
quite early I think he's gone now yeah
your purifiers are trying to hunt the
lior alpha once again oh that's a poor
use of the leech Essence ability there
there's not many models around it heals
based on the amount of models nearby so
you can see the healing effect there was
pretty [__] and I guess that's one of
the advantages of being omom against the
Swarm Lord you you don't really have
that many models even in a big army
versus army
fight Teran formation wow the purifiers
walked right into that that was pretty
terrible what was he looking at moving
units to cap the points probably he did
actually destroy that building that's
probably helpful for the tyranids no
more hiding in
there but the lior nice play by him
manages to get the Decap up top and then
get out of
there SW Lord hunting down the
Terminator librarian he need to be quite
careful cast the sanctuary and runs away
another melted bomb goes in but there's
no AV where is okay level four plation
they still got an incinerator for some
reason and what is going on they really
need to pick up a conversion Beamer and
help the dreadnut pin this Swan mod down
you can see the Swarm mod not wanting to
take the fight with the dreadnut right
now 1,500 vehicle armor on the dreadnut
I'm not sure what the Swarm mod does in
melee terms to DPS must be similar to
the dreadnut you'd be surprised the
actual DPS of these super units in tier
three is not that
high you can see it's just a lot quicker
than the dreadn and obviously it's got
these amazing support
abilities swinging a Miss there with the
emperor's fist we do see the conversion
Beamer now in play L Alpa is going to
stalk after them there you go goes into
melee but I'm a bit concerned now about
the LI ala dying and Retreat to the
dreadnut going to discharge his toxic
cysts for a bit of a
Healy yeah P need to be
careful oh
wow one more hitting both of these guys
and they would have died another melter
bomb just slowly chipping away at this
swarm Lord looks like we're getting a RH
on Al for Versa assassin as well and you
know what that means it's going to get a
last Cannon which will be pretty good
against the Swarm low since it's stuck
in melee now this would be a better
instance for the leech Essence but I
don't think he's used it and oh my God
look at this might have the Titan on the
Terminator librarian and they are just
abusing this swarm Lord in melee right
now so toally isolated yeah bringing on
Swarm
Lord swarm Lord is ultimately a support
super unit so it's uh really not very
good play of
it to just run it around solo like this
yeah and there's the blade flurry but
that AOE damage ability again more
powerful against you know units with
more models and less HP than grey
Knights so the grey Knights are going to
do it wow they only had five VPS I
didn't realize how close that
was holy
[__] wow level four purgation
though wow yeah so Plum was just trying
to close out the game there with the
with the VP situation but he's just lost
everything
yeah mental he went in for an all-in
player there and it distracted me didn't
it just distracted me staring at the
[__] swarm
Lord and He nearly got those final VPS
of Sergeant Smith but he just made the
comeback like I say if you can survive
the onslaught in tier one as the AO
malas you do very well in tier two
because your units just get so damn
powerful with their leaders as they
level purifiers are great in the
matchup and it's very much the case that
a t two gry Knight can take on a tier
three
tyranid but surviving to tier to can be
very difficult and running out of VPS
early on likewise is often a concern as
the AO malas so there you go folks hope
you enjoyed that one a little bit of
tyranid versus AO malas it's always a
crazy one with units dying in melee left
right and center that is going to be all
for Bo to at this time I am signing out
[Music]
a